-------------------------------NOTE-----------------------------------
Please note the new download instructions in the package file.
Thanks to Richard Voss for his suggestions.
-------------------------------NOTE-----------------------------------


If you are new to e3 then please get the e3aix package from PCTOOLS
if you wish to customize the editor, no .e files are provided with
this package.  The e3doc package on PCTOOLS may also be of some help.
I do not plan to add any function to the editor, so it is provided as is,
I will however look at any bug reports as time permits.

Please look at the aix.install file for a suggestion of where to put
the various e3 executables, profiles, and helpfiles.

I want to thank Brian Lewis for all of the help he provided during
this port.

Changes:
2/6/92: Now supports ansiterm, thanks to Eric Parker, please
        see README.ansiterm.
        Now supports rlogin, thanks to Jack Griffith.
        To get e3 to work properly with rlogin set the environment
        variable ESCDELAY to something between 1100 and 1700, the
        units for these numbers are in 200usec. increments.  So a value
        of 1000 would be a 0.2sec. delay.  Experiment with it until all
        special keys work, with the minimum delay.


        Fixed bug with change command.
        Fixed cursor remaining in insert mode on exit from e3.
        Now running at GOLD, all code compiled with -O flag.
        Added aix.install file.
        et is now included in the tar file.
        Fixed bug with et not writing error messages to the screen.
        Fixed bug with e3 consuming all of the cpu when a message was
        written to the status line.

Bugs:
        Dick Taylor found that when trying to reflow a paragraph (alt-p)
        he would get a mark area off screen message.  The fix for this
        is to go into the stdkeys.e file and in the a_p definition
        change "if mt" to "if mt <> ''".  I get the same failure on my
        RT with the same source but not with the executables from the
        e3aix package, don't know what is going on, but this fix will
        work with both versions.  The new e.ex file has this fix in it.

        Richard Voss found that et was not writing any error messages
        to the screen when encountering errors in processing the .e files.

        Expanded file name length to greater than 200 characters.  This
        problem showed up for most people when editing files in AFS.

        David Jameson supplied me with a fix to the Cntl-Z problem with
        the Korn shell.  Cntl-Z is a process suspend function in ksh, if
        you type the sequence by mistake you have just lost your editing
        session.  This version now disables the Cntl-Z suspend while
        in e3.

        David's fix also has another side affect of fixing a problem
        reported by Kauko Kautto of Finland.  E3 was losing the
        NLS character definitions after exiting.

Send problem reports to ASPENCER at AUSVM5.

Regards, Alex Spencer
